# Title: Shill Tactic #821 - Create an environment so toxic that no one dares to share DD or analysis
# Author: ObiJuanJabroni
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/mg82iw/shill_tactic_821_create_an_environment_so_toxic/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/mg82iw/shill_tactic_821_create_an_environment_so_toxic/)


With the recent backlash against Warden, I've noticed a lot more shills going commenting in the daily thread and on DD posts crucifying Pixel and Warden, accusing them of selling out, not having the balls to stand by what they said, spreading FUD, creating unnecessary drama, not believing in the squeeze etc. and let me tell you that this is the next and possibly most effective strategy because it's going to discourage a lot of smart apes out there from posting DD, effectively killing intelligent discussion in this subreddit.

If shills are allowed to continue harassing well known DD posters who get it wrong, other smart apes out there are going to look at what happened to those apes and think hey...its not worth it for me to post what I SUSPECT or what I THINK is happening because if I make even one mistake, phrase something wrong, misplace a fucking comma, these other apes are going to call me a shill.

Look, I get it, Pixel went a little bit overboard with the whole nostradamus prophet, 99.99% sure of squeeze thing and Warden (I don't really know what Warden did wrong, he like wasn't 100% convinced of the ceiling or something? Didn't provide enough hype on his stream? Whatever) did something. These people are putting themselves out there and providing content for discussion. If you don't agree with it, provide a counter argument! Don't just take out your pitchforks and start accusing them of selling out for Kenny G. Civil discussion is what makes us stronger, not emotional tirades against the person writing the DD.

The reality of this situation hasn't changed since January. The MOASS will happen but no one knows or could possibly predict when unless someone here works at as Kenny G's pool boy and has overheard him saying they're going to cover on xx date. DD here, in my opinion, serves to keep up interest in the stock and educate people on the intricacies of the stock market. When we're all worth millions we'll need to know how to reinvest that money right?

So as an ape what can you do? Simple, hold. And buy when you can. Start reading DD more critically and understand that the people writing these pieces are just regular apes, not fortune tellers. See what aligns with what you already know and for points you don't agree with, ask yourself why you don't agree with it and understand why that discrepancy exists. We're a community, we're here to help each other, strengthen each other through our numbers and collective knowledge. We're not a subreddit dedicated to the worship of rensole, warden, or pixel. These guys are just guys that have dedicated a significant portion of their time to sharing what they know and that's it. They're not fortune tellers or gods, they're just smart, generous apes and even smart apes make mistakes. Lastly, stop accusing everyone of being a shill, that really just helps the real shill generate a toxic environment.

TL;DR - Hold. Be nice to each other. Use your smooth brain to analyze dd for yourself and maybe you'll develop some wrinkles.