# Title: They sold those shares to retail on a dip rather than letting shorts cover later and dilute the squeeze, they helped guide sp to max pain for 2 weeks, they have money in the bank to act as a backstop to buy shares if it gets shorted down too far, and they have money to make a big splash acquisition.
# Author: Stonkinator3000
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mzemzu/they_sold_those_shares_to_retail_on_a_dip_rather/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mzemzu/they_sold_those_shares_to_retail_on_a_dip_rather/)


Cohen just pulled off one of the most amazing plays of this whole saga. Basically, he’s telling retail that it’s on retail for how long to hold during squeeze, that they won’t partake in the squeeze and none of those 3.5 million shares will be available later for shorts to cover. They did this by using their enemies as allies, sneaking shares into the market and making everyone think, including the various shorting entities, that it was shorting keeping the sp down, that the short strategy was working. Shorts weren’t covering during that time, they’ve proven they’ll fight to the bitter end, which means most of those shares went to retail or longs at a discount. Now gme is cocked and locked to go out there and make a huge acquisition, or can also use that money to buy up shares if sp dips too low from short attacks (filing recently came out about their right to purchase shares from time to time as they see fit) or can offer a dividend if it comes to it. They have $ options, all of them terrifying to shorts, and they barely diluted the float. What a play!