#Title: 500 million per share is not a meme, I am dead serious.
#Author: MPRaisinMan
#Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mmg5sr/500_million_per_share_is_not_a_meme_i_am_dead/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mmg5sr/500_million_per_share_is_not_a_meme_i_am_dead/)


You think I'm joking? Not even in the slightest. Let's look at some numbers. When the short interest on any stock exceeds 100%, shareholders set the price. It’s literally that simple. This is because when shorts cover they will have to buy back **100% of all shares ever issued**. Now even if tons of people paperhand and institutions sell, (neither of which I think will happen to a large degree) HF's still NEED your shares, because you alone own a small percentage of the float, and they need to buy back every last little percent of it. Not 99.5%, not 99.999999%, they need to buy back 100% of the float. You thought that sounded good? Let’s look into the specific case of GME, where shit really gets fun. The short interest is somewhere between [250%-](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m19oh7/true_short_interest_could_be_anywhere_from_250_to/)[2000+%](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/mewkf8/thesis_si_is_upwards_of_2000_gme_is_a_100/). Combine this with the fact that [retail](https://ibb.co/zPmHgCN) owns [over 100%](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m7x2gq/dd_i_did_the_math_there_is_literally_no_doubt/) of the float and this rocket ship just changed its course from the moon and beyond to *the fucking edge of the observable universe*. As we now know, when SI is over 100% of the shares issued shareholders set the price. In the case of GME, the SI being between 250% and 2000+% means that these HF’s will have to buy the float somewhere between 2.5 and **200+** times over. Because of this, **THE PRICE WILL RISE INFINITELY UNTIL ~~EVERY SINGLE SHARE IS COVERED~~ SHORTS HAVE COVERED SO MANY SHARES GME IS BACK TO THE ONLY THE ORIGINAL 69 MILLION SHARES, NO PRICE IS TOO HIGH**. If your ape brain doesn’t have the capacity to fit more than 1 sentence in it, then just remember that one. So when speculating about possible prices, literally no number is too large. 20 million/share? Way too low. 50/million? C’mon lets actually think big. 100 million/share now you’re going in the right direction. 420,690,000/share? Now you’re thinking like an ape. 



**But /u/mpraisinman, they won’t be able to pay that much per share! The DTCC will go bankrupt and the world economy will crash! The Government will cap gains!**

Worry not my fellow ape, this is completely false, and for a few reasons. DTCC insurance and the geometric mean, as well as the fact that GME is now an international phenomenon, so the eyes of the world are on the U.S. They will not step in because if they do they lose that sweet sweet 37% capital gains tax which will be used to help fix the mountain of debt, people would lose trust in U.S. financial markets (still weary from 2008, this would be the nail in the coffin) and invest their capital in overseas markets rather than the U.S. Also remember that the DTCC has filed multiple new rules to protect themselves by completely sucking dry every single short HF. Rule 801, what I like to call the fuck you pay me rule,  is my personal favorite as it allows them to margin call short HF’s whose positions bear too great a risk. Now these HF’s have a lot of money, but they don’t have trillions like the DTCC does. In fact as of 2019, the DTCC had [$54.2 Trillion](https://www.dtcc.com/about/businesses-and-subsidiaries/dtc) in assets and are insured for $60 Trillion. Even if GME completely bankrupts the DTCC, the bill is simply passed along (just like it was from HF to DTCC) to the fed, the guys with literal money printers. From there the fed will print the required amount of money to pay out each and every ape. And now that you understand that apes will get tendies no matter the pay out, this is where your new favorite math equation comes in. The geometric mean. The geometric mean basically states that not all shorts will be covered at the peak. Say 50% of shorts are covered at 10k, because boomers and 🧻 🤚🏻 sell, 25% sell at 100k, 20% sell at 1 million, and 5% sell at 100 million, then the payout isn’t even that insane. /u/Raught19 made a [great post](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m9td6w/estimations_for_the_total_payout_of_gme_based_on/?ref=share&ref_source=link) earlier talking about prices about what the payout would be up to 20M. Well now lets look at the payout for some bigger numbers. First I calculate the geometric mean to get the geometric mean share price, then I take that number and multiply it by 69.4 million, all GME outstanding shares. I understand I could use the float but I would rather use too large of numbers to account for max pain. I will also then recalculate these numbers assuming there are 140 million available shares and 400 million available shares to account for counterfeit shares that are in the system. (more on that in the next paragraph) According to the geometric mean, the payout for the DTCC at $100,000,000/share would be $9,330,372,976,600, or $9.3 Trillion @ $$133405.397 per share (geometric mean). See, not even close to bankrupting them so lets keep going. 250,000,000/share payout would be $14,638,712,030,000, or $14.6 Trillion @$210932.45 per share (geometric mean). 1,000,000,000/share payout would be $29,277,424,060,000 or $29.2 Trillion @$421864.90 per share (geometric mean). Now if there are 140 million shares, then the payout for each of these doubles, and for 1 billion per share the payout wouldn’t even be more than assets the DTCC has available, which can be liquidated. If there are 420 million shares, the payout increases 6x, so the DTCC would go bankrupt (assuming complete liquidation of all assets and full insurance coverage) at $500 million with a $298303.53 per share geometric mean. So that is when I will sell my first share.

**So let’s learn how this happens, so we're on the same page.** 

Watch the first 9 minutes of [the dark side of the looking glass](https://youtu.be/qtkaMx12otQ) to understand how FTD’s skyrocket the SI to ridiculous numbers, and then [watch these 3 minhutes](https://youtu.be/qtkaMx12otQ?t=2323) to understand what happens with a FTD squeeze. For those of you who don’t want to watch the video, I will give an apeish summary of what shit this stirs up down below. Also, **DO NOT WORRY ABOUT THE GRANDFATHER RULE, IT HAS SINCE BEEN TAKEN OUT.** Straight from the [SEC website](https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaqregsho1204.htm)
> “As initially adopted, Regulation SHO included two major exceptions to the close-out requirement: the ‘‘grandfather’’ provision and the ‘‘options market maker’’ exception. Due to continued concerns about fails to deliver, and the fact that the Commission continued to observe certain securities with fail to deliver positions that were not being closed out under then existing requirements, in 2007 the Commission eliminated the ‘‘grandfather’’ provision and in 2008 the Commission eliminated the options market maker exception.” 

**ANYONE PROMOTING THIS RULE IS SPREADING FUD AND MOST LIKELY A SHILL**. So basically the broker dealer gives out stock IOU’s, that will eventually turn into strategic failure-to-delivers through the use of continuous net settlement. In ape speak, I don’t actually give you your banana that you bought, instead I give you an IOU that can be cashed in as a banana, and you should be given a real banana within 3 days. But they actually never give you a banana, instead you sit on that IOU as they create counterfeit bananas by essentially [borrowing the same bananas](https://smithonstocks.com/part-7-illegal-naked-shorting-dtcc-continuous-net-settlement-and-stock-borrowing-programs-have-loopholes-that-facilitate-illegal-naked-shorting/) over and over. As Dr. Patrick Byrne points out, a few of these FTD’s does not cause an issue, but when there are 50-100 or more FTD’s for every 100 real shares, it increases the supply, dilutes the stock and in turn decreases the price significantly. Here is the supply and demand curve [before counterfeit shares](https://ibb.co/FY9SJnk) and [after counterfeit shares](https://ibb.co/CJsQ0p2) have been created. Now for the good news, a short squeeze with FTD's/counterfeit shares actually completely [separates](https://ibb.co/3RsgqLD) the supply and demand curves, they no longer meet, and per Dr. Patrick Byrne "**there is no market price**, the market snaps, THATS volatility." He is essentially stating what I mentioned earlier, how the price will rise to infinity because there are more shares in existence than were ever issued!

^(Now the main part of this post is finished, but here I will give my reasoning for posting this, as well as addressing counterarguments. Also please poke holes in this DD, see if I missed anything or if you yourself can give more insight on anything I mentioned. Apes together strong!) 

My reason for making this post was because ever since the great ape migration from r/GME to r/superstonk, I have been seeing a ridiculous amount of FUD regarding low price anchoring(100k or less), and new apes or possibly shills claiming that the US government will step in and cap this thing. I rarely saw the former in r/GME, and barely ever saw the latter in r/GME. This was because apes understood that the government would not step in because this is now an international issue, people would lose trust in U.S. financial markets (still weary from 2008, this would be the nail in the coffin) and invest their capital in overseas markets rather than the U.S., and that the 37% capital gains tax that they will be getting on these shares will be just what they need to help fix debt. You would think that it would be mainly long time apes who already understood this transferring to r/superstonk, not completely new apes who’ve not yet read any DD. This leads me to believe that proportionally, r/superstonk has many more shills than r/GME did, and may be under a new wave of FUD attacks. It makes sense from the enemies point of view. Destroy r/GME by making members lose faith in the mods, forcing apes to relocate and when they arrive at their new home flood the place with FUD to further demoralize them. **THIS SHOULD COME AS NO SURPRISE TO APES, THIS IS A [TEXTBOOK FUD](https://ibb.co/RcjdSBf) MANEUVER**. It’s literally divide and conquer, with some extra FUD thrown in to make the conquer part easier. **BUT WE ARE FUCKING APES! APE TOGETHER STRONG!**

Counter arguments: But can’t these HF’s buy these paperhands’ shares and then sell those same real shares to other HF’s to cover their ridiculously huge short position?
Answer: I really don’t think this can happen, and here is why.. When the squeeze is happening, these HF’s will be margin called so **THEY WILL NO LONGER HAVE CONTROL OF THEIR FUNDS**, the ones that margin called them will. The DTCC themselves will be the ones covering their short positions. These HF’s will be unable to sell their gme shares that they just bought to other HF’s to bail them out for cheaper than an ape would. And even if by some insane off chance that the margin call glitches, and they are able still in control of their accounts (they won’t be thanks to rule 801) these guys are sharks and will not helps their “friends”. They will be selling at disgustingly high prices in order to recoup their tremendous losses and not have to foreclose on their hampton mansions and ferraris. And also, why in the fuck would the DTCC even let them? If they resell these shares for cheap to their friends, then the DTCC will be footing an even more massive bill, and their isn’t a snowballs chance in hell that they will be footing any larger of a bill than they absolutely need to. We’re talking about a company that processes over [2.15 QUADRILLION](https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2020/06/162093-dtcc-processed-2-15-quadrillion-in-securities-in-2019-and-its-looking-at-distributed-ledger-technology/) in securities a year, they are the top dog.


^(This is not financial nor investment advice. These are ideas and opinions for information purposes only. All information found here, including any ideas, opinions, views, predictions, forecasts, commentaries, suggestions, or stock picks, expressed or implied herein, are for informational, entertainment or educational purposes only and should not be construed as personal investment advice. While the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies. I will not and cannot be held liable for any actions you take as a result of anything you read here. Conduct your own due diligence, or consult a licensed financial advisor or broker before making any and all investment decisions. Any investments, trades, speculations, or decisions made on the basis of any information found on this site or in this post, expressed or implied herein, are committed at your own risk, financial or otherwise. I just like the stock.)