# Author: GETTINTHATSHIT
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/DDintoGME/comments/ni5psw/the_spoofing_i_believe_is_just_as_bad_if_not/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DDintoGME/comments/ni5psw/the_spoofing_i_believe_is_just_as_bad_if_not/)


The spoofing on the buy side has been absolutely fucked up in plain view. How the fuck these bitchs aren't gathered up and in prison is beyond belief. I believe it's worse than the naked shorting and shorting their doing. They borrow these shares or create synthetics, put these buy limit orders in large chunks .50 or a couple dollars less than the current price shown creating downwards pressure but before the price gets there they disappear and reload lower and repeat.That way they never have to sell those shares and buy back later (shorting) and they never actually hit that price to execute that buy order. If those are synthetic shares then boom when their done they just get rid of them like they were never there because they never got bought or sold. They just brought the price lower without actually trading and did it with shares that don't exist. If they borrowed those shares then they can just pay that tiny fee and return them without having to spend any significant amount of money to buy them back after shorting but they absolutely helped keep the price down and/or brought the price down. They have been doing this for months and maybe Apes have been talking about it here and in other places but I myself haven't came across it. Please feel free to correct anything in here or feel free to add to it. This is something I have been seeing with the minimal info I see on the level 2's which i know isn't even close to everything. Hope this sheds some kind of light and maybe some smoother brained Apes can actually take a deep dive into this and help myself and the community to better understand this aspect of the fake ass price manipulation that we continue to see. The plan has not change one muther fucking bit. Hold what I have, buy more weekly when I get paid, never do a limit buy to help the selling pressure, Hit the fucking Ask everytime and never wait for a dip because we are in a dip anytime we are below 1k