# Title: The regulators that met with Biden today (Yellen, Powell, Gensler, Hsu, Uejio, McWilliams, Behnam) are all voting members of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC)
# Author: valtani
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o5dd2c/the_regulators_that_met_with_biden_today_yellen/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o5dd2c/the_regulators_that_met_with_biden_today_yellen/)


&#x200B;

As we all know, the Dodd–Frank Act is a federal law that was enacted in 2010. The law overhauled financial regulation in the aftermath of the Great Recession. The Act also created a new agency, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC). 

The FSOC, chaired by the Secretary of the Treasury, *brings together the expertise of the federal financial regulators, an independent insurance expert appointed by the President, and state regulators. The Council has a clear statutory mandate that provides new accountability to Congress and the American people by identifying emerging threats to financial stability and to coordinate regulatory actions to address them. The Council has important new authorities to constrain excessive risk in the financial system.*

The Council is made up of 10 voting members and 5 nonvoting members.  
 7 of the 10 voting members were in attendance at today’s meeting with Biden:

1) Janet Yellen, the [Secretary of the Treasury](https://home.treasury.gov/about/general-information/officials/janet-yellen) who serves as the Chairperson of the Council; she’s a former **Fed** boss and replaced Bernanke, who’s been an employee of Citadel since 2016. She also happens to have received speaking fees from Citadel, Goldman Sachs, Barclays, and UBS during 2019 and 2020.  She acknowledges receiving speaking fees from Wall Street banks in 2018 but doesn’t say how much those fees amounted to. Yellen has been dubbed the most powerful woman in the world. 

2) Jerome Powell, [the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System](https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/bios/board/powell.htm). The **Fed** chief. Powell spent decades managing banks and private equity firms. *In November 2020, as markets reached record valuations – despite a weak economy, divided Congress, and trade wars –* [*Bloomberg*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomberg_L.P.) *called Powell "Wall Street's Head of State", as a reflection of how dominant Powell's actions were on asset prices, and how profitable his actions were for Wall Street. Powell's close associations with shady figures such as Jamie Dimon (CEO of JPMorgan Chase  and 5-time felon) have been criticized by congresswoman Katie Porter, who exposed how the Fed chiefs of past and present have used their position to pay off the big banks' debts using taxpayer money, and to make sure their interests were never in jeopardy.*  Representing JPMorgan Chase as outside counsel in the matter were lawyers from Kirkland & Ellis (the law firm with which Trump’s former Attorney General William Barr was associated before coming to the Justice Department) and lawyers from Sullivan & Cromwell, where Trump’s former SEC Chairman Jay Clayton was a partner before taking the lead at the SEC. 

3) Michael J Hsu, [the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC);](https://www.occ.treas.gov/about/who-we-are/leadership/index-leadership.html)  (the administrator of the federal banking system) “*We ensure that the banks we supervise operate in a safe and sound manner, provide fair access to financial services, treat customers fairly, and comply with applicable laws and regulations*”. The OCC operates under the Treasury Dept. Yellen picked  Hsu, a low-level employee at the Fed, to serve as Acting Comptroller of the Currency. The OCC oversees the most dangerous megabanks on Wall Street and reports on their hundreds of *trillions* of dollars in derivative trades. Hsu quickly turned around and appointed Benjamin McDonough as the OCC’s Senior Deputy Comptroller and Chief Counsel. Where had McDonough come from? the Legal Division of the **Fed**eral Reserve.

4) Dave Uejio, the acting Director (until Biden’s nominee Rohit Chopra is confirmed by the Senate) of the [Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection](https://www.consumerfinance.gov/) (CFPB); This government agency’s job is “*dedicated to protecting consumers from unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices, in the financial* marketplace, through the enforcement of federal consumer financial law”. Uejio began his career for the US government in 2006 at the NIH, then for the Department of Defense, prior to his first role at the CFPB. That is all the info I could find about him online. 

5) Gary Gensler, [the Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC);](https://www.sec.gov/Article/about-commissioners.html)   Former investment banker (Goldman Sachs), Chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), and former Treasury Dept official. If you are not familiar with the MF Global scandal, read it [here](https://thedig.substack.com/p/gary-gensler-is-not-the-guy). This will make you doubt that Gensler is the tough regulator he’s portrayed to be. Another reason to doubt Gensler’s willingness to do anything of substance at the SEC: He picked Alex Oh as head of Enforcement. Oh worked for 2 decades as an attorney for Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, the law firm that major Wall Street banks (Citigroup, Deutsche bank, etc) repeatedly choose to fight their serial fraud charges. Brad Karp is the Chairman of Paul Weiss. He has donated millions and lobbied for years to make sure the government doesn’t appoint regulators and prosecutors who will bring his corporate clients to heel. If you’re not sick to your stomach that Wall Street’s top watchdog has been a completely captured regulator under both Democrat and Republican administrations for decades, then you’re simply not paying attention. Btw, the SEC still has not designated a Director of Enforcement. The current "Acting" director, Melissa Hodgman, is the wife of former FBI agent Peter Strzok, who led the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email server. 

6) Jelena McWilliams, [the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC);](https://www.fdic.gov/about/learn/board/mcwilliams/) “*An independent agency created by Congress to maintain stability and public confidence in the nation's financial system. To accomplish this mission, the FDIC insures deposits; examines and supervises financial institutions for safety, soundness, and consumer protection*”. McWilliams has a law degree. She worked for private firms, then for the **Fed**. McWilliams worked in the United States Senate for six years, first as assistant chief counsel for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee and then as chief counsel and deputy staff director for the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs. At the banking committee, McWilliams worked with chairpersons Senator Richard Shelby (R, Alabama) and Senator Mike Crapo (R, Idaho) on, among other issues, the implementation of and *efforts to rework or repeal the 2010* [*Dodd-Frank*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dodd-Frank) *banking-regulation reform act.* It sounds like a conflict of interest, doesn’t it? Working to repeal Dodd-Frank and then becoming a voting member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which was created by Dodd-Frank to regulate banks. 

7) Rostin Behnam, the “Acting” [Chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC);](https://www.cftc.gov/About/Commissioners/RostinBehnam/index.htm) According to his profile on the CFTC website; “*Behnam advocated for the CFTC to use its authority and expertise to ensure the derivatives markets operate transparently and fairly for participants and customers”.* Given the CFTC’s importance, it’s puzzling that President Biden has yet to nominate a chair. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission has been without a permanent chair since President Joe Biden took office in January.  “Acting” leadership positions are not sufficient. Since Biden took office, the acting CFTC chair and the acting director of enforcement have made few public statements to indicate the direction the CFTC will take in the new administration. The CFTC also has a number of unfilled positions in senior leadership, including director of the Enforcement Division and general counsel.  There have been no statements about CFTC’s enforcement priorities or what the markets can expect. So here is a powerful market watchdog with no dogs to watch the market!!

TL;DR: The government, its regulatory agencies, and especially the Federal Reserve, have been allowing Wall Street criminal behavior to continue due to conflicts of interest and greed. GME has exposed how financial institutions manipulate the markets through naked short selling, dark pools, swaps, and other types of fraudulent activities. Retail investors can change the status quo by buying and holding GME shares until the SHFs are forced to cover.