#Title: lost my job today, profits over life not okay
#Author: Horror_Difference419
#Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/okbvmc/lost_my_job_today_profits_over_life_not_okay/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/okbvmc/lost_my_job_today_profits_over_life_not_okay/)


Gonna keep this short as possible and sweet not so much. I have been silent and sat back watching this entire fiasco unfold before me only since march. The amount of financial knowledge I've learned while observing quality DD here and in the other sub, is mind blowing fucking absurd. Not only was the data spot on and reviewed and reviewed over by hundreds of peers, it was also laid out in lay mans terms so everyone could understand, including my dumb construction ass. All i know is hard work. And the fucks we're up against are the opposite of that. I have watched my wages stagnate for 20 years, yet everything else has gotten out of fucking hand.  

So I also lost my job today, and it has not to do with my work ethic. no thats top notch. Its also all i have because i use actions to speak, not fancy words. I was out wordeded..I get bound up and cant get my thoughts out verbally, especially in a high stress situation which this was. I operate heavy equipment, and prevented an accident from occuring. unfortunately it caused some equipment damage. Nonetheless. I hope it is a sign because i have NEVER been fired from a job ever. IN 24 years working. so if Bastille Day holds true, may it forever be a holiday for me and my family! I was shit on by big money, favoring profit in front of human life. That is not okay in my book. Ill find another job. that person i saved may not have been able to kiss his kids good night. so i feel okay about it. WONT STOP, CANT STOP, THIS IS WHERE THE GAME STOP! 07-14-2021