#Title: Lurker here - now that I can post I'd like to discuss the best TA I've found as well as address some of the mod drama
# Author: Bodie_bear
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/comments/om8e4v/lurker_here_now_that_i_can_post_id_like_to/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/comments/om8e4v/lurker_here_now_that_i_can_post_id_like_to/)


Hi everyone.  January lurker ape here who went through the WSB>GME>Superstonk exoduses.  Never thought I'd feel the need to post anything, but here I am.  I just want to say for anyone who takes the time to read this - this community is badass and cannot be contained.  I didn't realize how important it was to make my voice heard until I saw hundreds of thousands of others making so much noise.  Just think about the resources it takes to nuke sub after sub.  This is real.  People are onto something big.  It's cliche, but this whole thing has actually restored my faith in humanity.  Who knew there were so many like-minded people who saw through the MSM bs who were willing to spend this much time learning about the markets and digging into dry legalese and filings.  I'll never be able to express my gratitude for people like u/atobitt, u/criand, u/homedepothank69 and so many others that are on their level.  Thank you all so much for getting involved and sharing your knowledge with the world.  

The main reason I wanted to make a post was to try to build more awareness of the best TA I've found to date: Jamie and his brother Rocky with their respective Youtube channels: Tradespotting and Rocky Outcrop.  Take it from me - I've been obsessed about this whole saga since mid-January and I spend an unhealthy amount of time reading the subs and following anyone with good information that I can find on Youtube and Jamie and his brother are far and away the very best I've seen and their subscriber numbers are criminally small.  They deserve so much more exposure.  Not for them, but for the good of all.  They give out information of the highest quality for free and they both have hearts of gold.  They want you to learn and make your own decisions.  I totally get hating on other Youtubers - the platform rewards bad behavior and the flashy / sellout types seem to be the most-followed and most heavily promoted.  That's not what these two are about.  Please take the time to just watch some of their videos.  Jamie can ramble (love you man - Scottish mumble TA!), but holy shit are there nuggets of solid gold when he focuses on the TA.  I personally love everything he does and try to listen to it all when I have the time, but for the average person who might want that TA distilled a bit more I could see how some people might dismiss him quickly which would be a HUGE MISTAKE.  He also goes on epic rants against the, frankly evil, bad actors opposite apes in this story.  Jame and Rocky have called price action with alarming precision.  If you think TA does not apply to GME, you do not understand how TA works.  That sentiment seems to be the prevailing one on the GME subs and it's just flat out wrong.  While it cannot predict the future (in terms exact timing of price action), it can use past price / volume action to give a glimpse into important trends and support / resistance levels in the future.  Rocky's homegrown DMI indicator is nothing short of revolutionary in this smooth-brained ape's mind.  I really think he's created something that will stand the test of time if anyone looks back at his videos in the future and sees what foretold.

Side note: the fact that Rensole blocked Jamie / Tradespotting from Superstonk is highly suspect.  I appreciate what Rensole seemed to be doing early on with this whole saga, but over time I've come to the conclusion that he's either a shill himself, or just not very intelligent.  He's repeatedly advocated selling on the way up, he has doubted how high the price can go, he's blocked the best TA I've ever seen from getting exposure on Superstonk, and he fanned the flames of the most recent mod drama by backing up the wrong side IMO.  I stopped reading his daily posts long ago because he clearly did not know how to rank the DD in terms of their quality.  He would promote fabricated bs on those dailies that did not rely on math or sources just as much as the good DD.  I have felt like I'm taking crazy pills at times with how well respected he's been within the community in light of all these things.  Really hoping other people have come to the same conclusions so that we can talk about it.  Anyway, this wasn't supposed to be a Rensole rant, but that's been weighing on my mind too.

Here are links to Jamie & Rocky's channels:

https://www.youtube.com/c/tradespotting

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChQTEaC6d7sR42BUYqoxTmg

Here's Rocky's DMI education video (highly recommend it if you plan on following along on their channels):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjB3_gVgTCQ&list=PLFN9oewpgt8Hy1eH66q5xDgV-14ZKS2BC&index=28&t=2212s

For all the other lurkers out there like me: speak up!  There won't be another historic moment like this in your lifetime.