# Author: Mah_Nerva
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mu8fv3/blackrock_capital_cios_statement_on_market/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/mu8fv3/blackrock_capital_cios_statement_on_market/)


Black Rock Capital's Chief Investment Officer, Rick Reider, was live on CNBC where he said, "The flood into high quality assets, because liquidity is so large, there is literally no value in the markets today.”  ([Link](https://youtube.com/shorts/MeKMOrn7nEk?feature=share), credit to u/adventuresofjt).  He was telling us the market is basically rotten and about to collapse.  Let's unpack what he said, glimpse over the edge at what the collapse might look like, and learn together (as I am not an economist, only a barrister).  Scroll to the bottom if you want one ape's take on what the first few domino falls might look like and why it may impact you and your family.

I was asked to post this, so please take it with a grain of salt and do your own DD.

**THE ISSUE OF MARKET LIQUIDITY AND WHY IT MATTERS**

Governments have been printing cash to prop up businesses so they can survive the COVID-19 pandemic.  This means there is a lot of "liquidity" in the market right now, but maybe not much in the way of goods or services to back up the value of that cash (i.e., these businesses might not be able to repay their debts and may collapse under their own weight).  [Here is an article from January 2021](https://www.spglobal.com/marketintelligence/en/news-insights/latest-news-headlines/liquidity-flood-keeps-lid-on-distressed-levels-62246488) that explains the liquidity issue Mr. Savi spoke of and why it matters. Helpful snippets from the article:

"The primary market too is awash with cash, allowing high-yield and leveraged loan borrowers to tap funding at cheap rates, despite falling revenues due to COVID-19. As one buyside account said this week: 'Some companies are worse off than a year ago, and they are borrowing money at cheaper rates than ever.' 'It feels like we are back to pre-crisis levels almost, and the default rate has not really spiked, even though everyone knows Q1 is a write-off in terms of normal business activity,' said another buyside manager this week. 

'Some companies, especially in the leisure and retail sectors, just see their leverage multiples rising and rising, but as long as they have liquidity, no one seems to care. You would think that sooner or later this could catch up with us.' ... Restructuring advisers agree that unlike in past crises, liquidity will be the main driver of defaults. But there is indeed a risk that the current accumulation of debt due to cheap rates could come back and bite both borrowers and investors. 'High-yield sometimes used to be 10%-plus, but with non-investment-grade spreads as low as they are, pressure from interest payments is not what it once was. However, following the COVID-19 recession, liquidity shortfalls stemming from businesses ramping up to pre-crisis levels of activity will be a major driver of default rates going forward,' said Joseph Swanson, co-head of Houlihan Lokey's EMEA Restructuring Group.' "

**WHAT THIS ALL MEANS: "THE DOOM AND GLOOM"**

Think about the scene in The Big Short where the stripper tells Mark Baum (played by Steve Carell) that she owns three homes that she should not have qualified for because she got them at low interest rates *and without income verification.* She then realizes that if those interest rates shift, she's in trouble. That is the point where Mark Baum (in the movie) realizes the housing market bubble is real and it is going to burst because people are living paycheck to paycheck and they otherwise cannot afford their homes. Now replace the stripper with businesses that have not had any real income over the past year ("zombie companies").  As of November 2020, over 1/5 of companies examined in the U.S. are believed to be zombie companies. [Link.](https://www.barrons.com/articles/more-zombie-companies-have-cropped-up-during-the-pandemic-51606132808) Zombie companies have been limping along, hoping to survive the COVID-19 crisis, and low interest loans from the government/banks (*see* "liquidity") have helped them do that, but what happens if anything shifts (e.g., interest rates go up, or these companies run out of cash before they can generate real income again)? Boom. 

The zombie companies fail and default on their loans, banks and investors take a hit, and *people lose their jobs.* Those people who lost their jobs might have bought homes during the crisis too, so they now default on their mortgages as people desperate to sell flood the housing market with inventory.  This decreases the average home price. Boom. Now other people kept their jobs and/or bought homes at lower prices are now super under water on THEIR mortgages. They are now chained to that debt, and if anything happens to their jobs/health/etc., then they can easily lose everything.  Now, remember all those people who lost their jobs with the (now fully dead) zombie companies?  They create a lot of extra talent competing for the "survivors' " jobs, which may deflate wages, meaning it is harder for the "survivors" to afford *their* mortgages, leading to more potential defaults. Boom.

 What about retirement plans and savings? Surely people may be able to fall back on those? Maybe, unless the banks/HFs sold junk bonds to your retirement plan administrator, or the entity managing your fund screws up and gets liquidated, costing those folks their retirement. [Link.](https://www.reuters.com/article/usa-infinityq-compliance-idUSL1N2M82MU) Boom. 

This in turn creates panic and people try to buy non-perishable goods so they can weather the storm (sound familiar?) Boom. Sprinkle in Dr. Burry's concern about hyperinflation, and even if you have money, it may not take you as far as it once would.

For a historical comparison (draw your own conclusions), check out [this sequence of events](https://www.historic-newspapers.com/blog/great-depression-timeline/) from the U.S.' Great Depression. November 23rd looks particularly interesting to me.

This is not financial or legal advice.  Please do your own research and hopefully prove me wrong.

Edits:  Formatting, correcting Mr. Rieder’s name.