# Title: A must read article (by Lucy Komisar): "The corruption of the SEC, over decades and till today"
# Author: CupioDissolvi333
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/okrmiw/a_must_read_article_by_lucy_komisar_the/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/okrmiw/a_must_read_article_by_lucy_komisar_the/)


([The Article Link](https://www.thekomisarscoop.com/2021/06/the-corruption-of-the-sec-over-decades-and-till-today/)) 

Key Takeaways (Part 1):

1. the market collapse of 1928-1929 is eerily similar to today's impending market collapse. Counterfeit shares. Pump & dumps. Bad loans packaged into securities and sold to unwary investors as today's equivalent of MBSs that tanked in the 2008 crisis.
2. (this is partially my improv on what I read) you might remember the classic trope on how 'a sign of a market bubble is when your shoe shine boy gives stock advice'. Well - this is exactly the same as with meme stocks. Everyone is talking about it. It is a bubble - but retail isn't at fault, and I have a suspicion retail wasn't at fault back in 1929. See point (1). We know it's a bubble, and it could have been popped aaages ago if those market makers decided to cover the shorts. But their egos and greed forbid them from doing so. Once it pops, yeah - there will be collapse. The market will collapse because of the broken system and bad actors, and retail will be blamed (as they are already) for being the uneducated 'shoe shine boys' as they were in 1929.
3. the SEC is complicit. No big news there. The SEC, throughout its history, has strongly rejected any effort to moderate short selling. Feel free to watch [Wall Street Conspiracy (link)](https://archive.org/details/wall-street-conspiracy) on just how many companies have been r\*ped & pillaged by what is outright theft, because the SEC is in on it. (Very good documentary - a must watch, I might add). The SEC resisted efforts to make short interest reporting public and more frequent, despite Irving Pollack's (former SEC commissioner) report in 1985 to encourage it.
4. the DTCC - the depository which clears the majority of trades, is a private institution owned by brokers which has no regulatory oversight - not even the SEC. No wonder, then, that the SEC is busy fiddling with their stiffys instead of doing anything.
5. 2004 Reg SHO - a regulation which kicked in after a whole host of individuals who lost their start up companies to predatory naked shorting started outing these machinations (cue: Wes Christian - one of the first lawyers to go against these malicious sociopaths). This was a feeble nipple massage attempt at any reform. The SEC knocked out a proposal for penalties for failing to deliver. And it wrote two giant exceptions into Reg SHO: Ex-clearing and market makers. Ex-clearing = dark pools, which is trading outside the DTCC and is basically trading directly with the broker. So Short Interest reporting doesn't need to be done on dark pool trading, which is why we don't get the real picture about just how bad the short interest really is on GME and $COCK. "If they can do the transaction privately \[ex-clearing\], RegSHO doesn’t apply... about 40% of trades go through dark pools. *If a trade failed ex-clearing, it didn’t fail at the DTCC!* "

I'll follow up with Part II when I stop recording my gf's onlyfans vlog.

I'm just an ape - so feel free to add / correct me on anything I've said.