# Title: I Think we're Looking at the Wrong thing SHF have Shorted and the Wrong Puts from 7/16
# Author: catbulliesdog
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/DDintoGME/comments/otnkvr/i_think_were_looking_at_the_wrong_thing_shf_have/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DDintoGME/comments/otnkvr/i_think_were_looking_at_the_wrong_thing_shf_have/)


So I'm going to be mostly talking about the Junk Bond market here, but I promise, it is related to GME, and it is entirely bullish.

So last week I started really looking into what's going on with the Junk Bond market, and the millions of puts that exist on HYG.  That got me banned from the WSB.  Given how that place has been suspect since the big mod drama in Feb, this piqued my interest.  So I started looking deeper.  You know, the old "if you find unexpected harder enemies, keep going for treasures and bosses" bit.

What I found was this [article](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-05-07/hedge-funds-boost-shorts-on-european-bonds-to-cushion-rate-risks) on Bloomberg from May of 2021 stating that **$55 Billion** with a B dollars of Junk Bonds had been sold short.  They cited IHS Markit LTD as a source for the amount and the rest of the article was a bunch of fund managers saying they expected more people to start shorting it as well.  So next I went to try and figure out just how many puts had been going off.  I knew 7/16 had 2 million puts on HYG expire worthless, but I didn't know when they'd been opened or how much they cost at that point.  The Wayback Machine gave me some help, albeit incomplete.  The farthest date back I could find for an archived copy of the HYG options chain was February 5, 2021.  That also led me to discover that on 3/16, roughly 1.6 million puts on HYG expired worthless, and in Feb, these had an average cost of nearly 1.00.  Given that right now, at the end of July, there are 1 million+ puts open on every prime options date from now to 1/21/2022, it's likely the July puts were already open in February as well, and had an average cost basis well over 1.00 at that point.

So, what happened when all those HYG puts expired worthless in March?  The following Monday SPY dropped 5 points, from 394 to 389, close to close.  So how does that relate to anything?  Well, when the 2 million 7/16 puts expired worthless, the following Monday SPY dropped 10 points, 436 to 426, close to close.  When's the next date a bunch of HYG puts expire worthless?  8/20, about 1.6 million total, but we'll come back to that.

On July 19, the market had a big issue with collateral, as bond yields dropped around 10 basis points across the board on Treasuries, meaning there was a ton of demand for them. On March 19 yields went up between 6-10 basis points, which we'll circle back to.

So what's all this mean and how does it relate to GME?  Ok, here's my big brain theory on it all.  I've looked through every bond ETF, regular and inverse that I can find, and nothing has the kind of options chain action that HYG does.  I looked at futures, too, and didn't see anything that jumped out at me there, but it's a market I'm pretty unfamiliar with so I could have easily missed something there that might be hidden or obvious to someone with more experience in the bond futures market.  The Bloomberg piece says $55B+ shorted in the junk bond market.  I can only find at most a couple of billion in put options, and that's assuming they were all opened at least as far back as February of 2021.  I think the rest of that $55B is in Credit Derivatives and Insurance Contracts, specifically some kind of Swaps and CDO's pegged to the options contracts and performance of HYG.  

When the March contracts expired worthless, the SHF had to realize some losses, and probably post more collateral, and sold some long positions and shorted some T-Bills to make up the difference, and since shorting t-bills and junk bonds are both inflation plays, this let them maintain their net short position.   This would explain the drop in SPY and the rise in yields.  Now, when the July contracts expired worthless the loss was bigger, AND they collided with the meme stock SHF's need for collateral.  So in the face of the huge demand for Treasuries and every other kind of government bond (EU and some Asian bond yields also dropped that day) they couldn't short anymore and had to secure solid collateral themselves.  So they sold off long positions and Crypto, picked up some govt. bonds and called it a day.  This explains the "collateral seizure" the markets experienced on 7/19 and the drop in SPY and other indexes.

And that brings us to the future, of August 20, 2021, when another 1.6 million puts on HYG expire, and collateral calls for junk bond short positions will go out again.  But, here's the thing.  Every month this advances, the contracts that are expiring and turning into realized losses are more expensive, because they were opened farther out, so the realized loss is bigger, and meanwhile, collateral is getting harder and harder to find.  At the same time, the market itself is under pressure from the shorted GME ETF transactions, especially as GME keeps moving onto bigger and bigger indexes and their associated funds.  And as a final nail in the coffin, those Treasury shorts are now getting more and more expensive as demand for them keeps going up, with Janet Yellen's letter to congress showing that starting on July 31st, there will be no new T-Bills getting printed as part of the "extraordinary measures" to stave off defaulting on the US National Debt with no debt ceiling increase coming.

TLDR: tens and tens of billions of Junk Bonds have been shorted, and instead of going boom, they've been slowly increasing in value, this is putting tremendous pressure on the entire system.  A big hiccup point is coming August 20th, and we'll probably see a market seizure due to lack of collateral on the 23rd, which will be exacerbated by the Treasury not issuing new debt for a few weeks.  A market crash triggers MOASS when HF start getting liquidated in a big swirly pile of contagion and doom.  

*(The new regulation on basically "pawning" rather than selling long positions when someone gets liquidated won't prevent this, it's too big.  When the fund that paid for the "pawning" also gets liquidated, now you've got twice as big of a mess.  All it really does is delay a bunch of small crashes into one gigantic one)*

Bonus points: In all the business biographies of guys like Stevie Cohen and Ken Griffin et al, you know whose name keeps coming up as a mentor?  Michael Miliken, convicted felon, who was known by the moniker "The Junk Bond King".

Just remember, this is flared SPECULATION for a reason, it involves a lot of dark market positions and well, speculation on my part from incomplete data, which is the best I can get as Cat Dog Q Public.

Oh, and if I missed something, please point it out in the comments.  This is more about getting the info right than me personally being right.