# Author: DoesHeLookLikeAFitch
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o8ag4x/yes_this_is_a_gme_sub_yes_gme_manipulation_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o8ag4x/yes_this_is_a_gme_sub_yes_gme_manipulation_is/)


After half a year of research and DD, we have seen all the ways Wall Street can operate. I’m not talking about just hedge funds, but the collective of everyone involved, including banks, brokers, media, government, etc.

We have learned of the existence of dark pool trades, failure to deliver cycles, media manipulation, negative public sentiment campaigns, pump and dumps, direct forum boards infiltration and manipulation (Reddit, discord, YouTube, etc.), complicit regulatory agencies, SEC ineffectiveness, government to Wall Street revolving doors (and vice versa), short sale restriction (SSR) dud, naked short selling, short ladder attacks, married puts to hide shorts, and now even a hedge fund pro-image multimillion dollar media campaign to paint them as good guys.

I have no doubt in my mind that most, if not all, stocks have been illegally manipulated in some way or form (whether it be on a large scale or small unnoticeable scale). I would bet my GME shares that you can pick a stock at random and it would have had something happened to it before in the past (or ongoing present). What retailers and the rest of the common folk consider illegal market manipulation, Wall Street considers it loop holes and everyday business per usual. Just because they can, and it makes them a sh*t ton of money robbing everyone else. Not like anyone knew, or could do anything about it. Until now....