# Author: KFC_just
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o5dtjs/reverse_repos_are_spiking_as_cc_market_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o5dtjs/reverse_repos_are_spiking_as_cc_market_is/)


B word and CC word swaps due to AutoMod

B word  = **Bit Coin**

CC = crypt0 currencies

# TL;DR:

1. The B word and CCs have entered into terminal decline as institutional holders liquidate their positions to fund GameStop and collateral related positions, and will not reinvest in CCs. They will not reinvest in CCs because they do not have any value as collateral. The collateral crisis is now the biggest issue in the whole market, and is driving the liquidation of CCs as well as the purchase of US Treasuries through the Reverse Repos Market.
2. 1 Trillion dollars have been pulled out of CCs since May 2021 at the same time as the Overnight Reverse Repo rates have increased to over 700 Billion dollars. This is not a 1 to 1 relationship, and Repos are not being driven exclusively by CCs. Furthermore the difference in amounts likely reflects the amount of retail, day traders, and minor institutional buyers and sellers that have no connection to repo or collateral issues. However since May there has been an inverse relationship of 1:2 between Reverse Repo increases and CC decreases. For every 100 billion dollars the Repos have increased, CCs have decreased by a collective 200 Billion
3. The most recent mini peak of the B word came at 14-15th June 2021, and has declined since by over 8,000 USD since the 15th, including the 10%+ decline during 20-21st June. This comes as the Reverse Repo market went crazy from the 16th-17th June, one-two days after liquidation began. From the 15th market cap declined by around 300 billion dollars, while reverse repos increased by more than 200 billion dollars and climbing. This could represent a change in the correlation from an inverse 1:2 relationship to a 2:3 inverse relationship, making CC market cap a key and perhaps leading metric to observe alongside Reverse Repos as a measure of financial institution's ability to continue the fight against GameStop. As this relationship gets stronger it is likely due to the declining involvement of non instituional players in the CC market.
4. Give these relationships and timings, itt appears that CCs liquidations are being poured directly into the Reverse Repo market to fund the acquisition of US Treasuries to stave off margin calls.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/9n922v56lq671.png?width=590&format=png&auto=webp&s=45a0a446e28fc6bb40af4e6419f58212a36dbf71

# CC market capitalisation declines is preceeding Reverse Repo increases

So since the big crash in the CCs market a month ago during which about [1 Trillion dollars](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/nj5beh/according_to_tradingviewcom_crypto_market_has/) was wiped off of the collective market capitalisation of CCs, these CCs have been trading sideways in smaller cycles with the B word in particular trading cyclically within a range from about 35,000-40,000 USD. These miniature pump and dumps have been speculated as being related to Citadel and friends' control over the market, though it must be remembered that here too day traders, algorithms, and retail traders would be playing a role. It is extraordinarily unlikely that the whole amount could be attributed to Citadel alone.

Why Citadel and other institutions and banks would be interested in manipulating this market would be in order to raise the liquidity, or cash, to fund their GME efforts through two key mechanisms: direct price movements; and derivatives trading. Firstly, they gain from direct price movements on holdings of affected CCs. This is simple enough, however due to these CCs having **zero value as collateral** within regulations on net liquidity and net negative rules, Citadel would be forced to actually make transactions in order to gain through this mechanism. **Due to collateral requirements not including CCs, while losses would be booked, paper gains could not be, and must be materialised in the form of cash by selling CCs, cash which to banks is a not an asset, but a liability they dispose of through the Overnight Reverse Repo Market.** This would be inefficient over time and scale, no matter how advanced their trading algorithms are, or how complete their manipulation would be. The second mechanism, which would be both far more efficient, profitable and risky, would be instead to focus on raising liquidity through derivative bets on the performance of the CCs. One of the more terrifying things pointed out by [u/Criand](https://www.reddit.com/user/Criand) in [The Bigger Short](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o0scoy/the_bigger_short_how_2008_is_repeating_at_a_much/) involves the sheer size and scale of the derivatives market and how completely unregulated this $1,000,000,000,000,000 USD market is (that’s a lot of zeros). Here Citadel and other institutions are still able to rig the game through the direct manipulations of the underlying prices and performance so that it aligns with the strike prices and timings of their derivatives and the house always wins. While I am making a big assumption here to guess that this is occurring, this would efficiently allow Citadel to radically increase the gains they make off of movements in price, so long as Citadel remains in control.

Between these two mechanisms we would expect to see a continual price decline when Citadel withdraws money from the market, while more general movements up or down would be harvested through derivatives trading that never directly enters or exits the CCs market. Unless for some reason they reinvested, which they wouldn't do because there is no collateral to gain, we should then expect the net trend in CCs from this point onwards to be downwards. At least until this whole situation is over. I think.

**Important disclaimer: I am not an expert on any of this, I know absolutely fucking nothing about CCs, and have zero access to derivatives data that would show this happening. My only data source on CCs are the TradingView charts I show below. I wouldn't even know where to start looking to try and find data on derivatives in the CCs market. This is all extremely speculative.**

This brings us to yesterday’s charts. The charts show a continuing downwards trend over the weekend which had been anticipated in the conversations here on SuperStonk within this theory that liquidity is being withdrawn from the market by Citadel or other major players. This trend then steepened into a 10% decline going into the last day/night of CCs trading before the announcement of a decision on NSC-002 on Monday June 21st 2021. Edit: As we have now seen the announcement that NSC-002 is approved and will be in effect on Wednesday, we will probably see another sharp drop immediately prior to Wednesday as a result of these collateral/liquidity requirements, and this will likely coincide with a further spike in Reverse Repos.

The latest price peak in the B word occurred during June 14th - June 15th at around 40,000 USD. As the peak declined from June 16th to today, the Reverse Repos began their most dramatic increase yet, running up another 200 billion dollars even as CCs market cap declined by over 300 billion

# Charts

Note for chart dates and times: all dates and times are shown in AEST unless otherwise stated. Also most were screenshot yesterday when I started this, as my posting is one day later than I hoped.

[B Word 1 Year chart, showing the May crash and the series of small pump and dumps since then. It is fully possible that I am only observing the latest cycle, and nothing significant. The peak of the latest cycle occurred around 14th - 15th June 2021 in the vicinity of 40,000 USD. The decline since then has fallen below 32,000 USD at times, with the night of June 20th - 21st seeing a 10&#37; decline.](https://preview.redd.it/tr7j9e82rq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=7634d80da5d611d999ca2c19fe6b5773a6471d13)

[B Word 5 Day showing the rather controlled descent from June 15th through June 20th, with the more sudden decline on the last day\/night of trading June 20-21 before the announcement of a decision on NSC-002 on June 21st.](https://preview.redd.it/fzzkfdmcrq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=d943de2fbd93967178275bda11f95e311081960b)

[30 day chart of CC Total Market Capitalisation as calculated by TradingView including B Word. Since June 15th market capitalisation has decreased by around 300 billion dollars. During the same period ON RRP has increased by over 200 Billion dollars.](https://preview.redd.it/0t67cb9krq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=32633ef8149de5d71708e549c3ad97127269a65c)

[Reverse Repos since June 11th 2021 spiking after the CC sell off increasing by over 200 billion dollars.](https://preview.redd.it/saas48ulrq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=bdc12c5d9686877976afede9965ed80cb878ec92)

[1 Year of CC Market Cap as calculated by TradingView, including B Word. Note 1 Trillion Dollars is gone, and it ain't coming back. This is because it has no value to banks during a collateral crisis.](https://preview.redd.it/vh2i4chorq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=f2ced7a2c0be8728e16a243ba0bf8af6d97fa891)

[1 Year of CC Market Capitalisation as calculated by TradingView excluding B Word. Excluding B Word shows that the decline in market capitalisation as a result of manipulations and changes to the collateral rules is broad based.](https://preview.redd.it/jg23leqrrq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=b7334bd2e4c0f5e3dabc8303ba9758796ba87739)

[Fed Overnight Reverse Repos since 2016. Screenshotted with April 30th figures at 183 Billion dollars to show where Repo was before the 1 Trillion dollar May CC crash began. Since then for every 2 billion dollars that CC market capitalisation has decreased, the reverse repo increased by 1 billion dollars or more. Also as others have said, notice just how large this is compared to the Covid Crash. Source https:\/\/fred.stlouisfed.org\/series\/RRPONTSYD](https://preview.redd.it/sgyon9zyrq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=6c8339d5e3770e840572db2092ef3ea9b3cb7767)

[The same chart without april 30 pointed out so you can see the May-June run up more clearly.](https://preview.redd.it/b40xw2ywrq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=8a36fbdb4eb3bccce32075751a4b222528621faf)

[Table of data compiled by u\/LeftHandedWave with a breakdown of the dates, amounts, participants, averages and rates.](https://preview.redd.it/iqoboie5sq671.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=986c34ae654433cf6f100b6b4f12147fbd562820)

[A close up of u\/LeftHandedWave chart that I hope wont show up as a blur.](https://preview.redd.it/p1eitqeglq671.png?width=543&format=png&auto=webp&s=7833c892bb2413b85b238c2c4ffc6ce2f1c8cf3d)

https://preview.redd.it/tfli2v2hlq671.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=24f225cdb91d438ae323bc5a5611eea3622483e9

Edit updated screenshots so they should be better sized and without blurring now.

AEST 17:26 Edit 2: So an interesting point raised in a dm is how this relates to expectations of an end of quarter spike in the Repo Rate, which historically is a higher spike than the other days, by some estimates as much as 3 to 4 times apparently according to Criand. To answer this quite directly I do not put any weight in the predictive power of this observation. Correlation does not equal causation and we need to remember that. Furthermore, given the size of the CC market now is only 1.3 trillion dollars, there is zero capacity in that market to support the scale of repos some people have suggest might be seen at the end of the month as that would require something like 4-6 trillion dollars of cc to be liquidated, and that just doesn't exist

However if there is a relationship that is 1:2 or 2:3 between positive repo and negative cc liquidations, then at 1.3 trillion remaining in cc market cap, this could suggest a theoretical maximum amount of repo that could be supported by cc liquidations at an extra 600 to 800 billion dollars increase. Added to the 750 billion dollars currently in repo, this would suggest a theoretical hard limit on repos of 1.3-1.5 Trillion dollars. But to reach it literally every single cc would need to be sold and the value of the market zeroed out entirely, an event I do not think is likely. And due to the real time dimishing value of ccs during a mass liquidation of that scale, the revenue raised to support repos would in reality be dramatically less than that. If we cut the theoretical numbers in half to account for this we would reach a theoretical maximum of around 1-1.2 trillion dollars in a completely zeroed out cc market.

After that, there would be no more easy money available to fund repos without sucking it out of the general stock market and causing a crash, or liquidating other assets. They cant take out loans to fund the repos, as the repos exist to collateralise the loans.

So if the relationship observed in this post is anything to go by we are actually a lot closer to a theoretical maximum amount of repos that can be supported before a market crash must occur.

AEST 2056 Edit 3: A good piece of counter DD I have found while responding to comments comes from [this video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Lhf_2gJJS1I) which describes the b word’s price movements over the last few months as part of a Wyckoff pattern or something. I don’t exactly get what that means, but the guy seems to be making the case that yes it is manipulated but its nothing to do with us. So thats worth keeping in mind as a possibility.

Another interesting point made by a commenter below is that the ratio i observed, which is purely me eyeballing things by the way, would be distorted by the effects of price declines, and that a valuational decline to the whole market capitalisation does not equal an actual loss of that amount of money. This is a very good point. However firstly I’m only using the free tradingview chart which doesn’t show volume, if there’s a better way to view ccs for free that includes volume let me know. Secondly, if we therefore assume the actual amount of money taken out of market is less, even substantially less than the decline in notional value, then that actually brings the ratio between the decline in cc and the increase in repo closer to a 1:1 relationship. But we would definitely need more precise and sustained data to make a claim like that.

Edit 4 22:48 AEST/ 0849 ET: [https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/](https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/) real time loss porn as B word tanks over 2,000 at the same time as GME is up around 10% in pre market. This will be fun

AEST 23:09/ET09:09 Edit 5: the tradingview market capitalisation chart shows that this mornings crash has already pulled out around 140 billion dollars from the CC market. It will be interesting to see what the end amount is for GME price gain, Repo Increase and CC market cap decrease. But my ballpark would be that half of the 140B value wiped out of CC is able to translate into actual cash that goes into Repo for Treasuries. So, while I said there’s no predictive power in this observation, and thats true, I’ll not be disappointed if Repo climbed by between 50-80 billion dollars and hits 800-830 billion dollars today. More if the CC continues to crash while I sleep.

AEST 10:16 23rd June. Edit 6: To check back in on this, the CC maket dipped and recovered to the tune of 50 billion dollars from the time of my screenshots yesterday. Yesterday’s screenshots showed a market cap of 1.31 trillion including b word, or 701 billion excluding b word. To look at the chart today, we see a current decline now, after the recovery of only 50 billion dollars. Reverse repos went up by 30 billion to 791 billion. Curiously when you zoom in on the tradingview market cap charts you see the recovery in b word prices show up on the market cap chart that includes it (obviously enough), but no corresponding recovery in the cc market excluding b word. The cc market excluding B word remains down 50 billion dollars, at 647 billion at time of writing. To make a guess on this, I would say that B word is still being used to fleece investors with some short term pump and dumps even as the net position continues to move downwards, while when looking at the whole of the cc market excluding b, the money is simply being exited and not returned.