# Title: Wednesday's short attack was a coordinated market manipulation using USER DATA, Human psychology, and stop loss maneuvers.
# Author: Taurius
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m2m24y/wednesdays_short_attack_was_a_coordinated_market/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m2m24y/wednesdays_short_attack_was_a_coordinated_market/)


**TLDR: Hedge Funds used user data, from Robinhood and other "free" brokers, to coordinate a massive sell off and balance out some of their dark pool settlements with STOP LOSS.  HEDGE FUNDS ARE USING YOUR DATA FOR IN REAL-TIME MANIPULATION OF THE MARKET!**

Since last Friday I have noticed a pattern with the price of GME going up and dipping down(ladder attacks) at certain hours and for certain length of time.  This has been so consistent, I was able to call out to the minute when it would happen, even yesterday's crash.  You can see my post history on this.  I was also suspicious of what this would ultimately mean(an hour prior to the crash). I just wasn't able to foresee one aspect of it.  The end goal, and later on how it worked so well to crash the prices.  I posted that the hedge funds and brokers would have to settle their T+2 and 10 day delay settlements(from Feb 26) by Wednesday, and that the price of the stock would rise by a lot.  The DTCC changes are forcing these brokers and hedge funds to balance their books to avoid huge security depository costs or being drop off the NCSS list. To do this, the HF and brokers would need to minimize their dark pool shares by buying real shares at at loss.  However they were not about to take a massive loss through a short/gamma squeeze.  To minimize their losses, they needed to lower the price of the shares during their buy backs.  For the past few days, they have been doing small short attacks to lower the price to keep themselves in the ITM and replacing those dark pool shares with real shares at a loss.  So when you see those large bumps in prices at 11:15 to 12:15 and 3:45 to 4:00, those purchases are from the HF closing their shorts.

The HFs have been doing this to also create a pattern recognition for the retailers.  The consistency was too simple for anyone to NOT notice it and not want to get in on the action.  The trade volumes have been increasing during the "manipulation period" for the past week.  The psychological term for this is Priming.  Creating an artificial 3rd party confirmation bias.  People who work at HFs are some of the smartest people in the world.  They know what they are doing and most importantly, know how to manipulate.  The main reason they can do this is because they have the number one weapon to do so.  USER DATA.  Brokers like RobinHood gives your user data to hedge funds and market-makers at real time.  THEY KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TRADING.  They know HOW you are trading.  And the key to this manipulation is STOP LOSS.  They have been checking to see how their maneuver of letting the prices go up would affect buying patterns from the retailers and how many performed STOP LOSSES.  From Wednesday's attack, they knew the STOP LOSS practice was high enough to coordinate a massive sell off that the retailers had trapped themselves in through STOP LOSS.  

Wednesday, 11:15.  The HFs stopped their mini ladder attacks.  They started to purchase shares, increasing the delta.  Retailers saw this and saw the continuation of the pattern from the last few days.  This increased the delta even higher, seeing massive jumps in the stock price. However many of these purchases were from experienced traders.  They always put in STOP LOSS when the prices jump quickly, as they know it'll eventually drop.  Again, pattern recognition of the 12:15 "mini" ladder attacks.  Wednesday was different.  All the priming was done.  The HFs had to make their big move to cover their T+2 and Feb 26 settlements.  They started buy backs for the covers in huge amounts, raising the stock price.  But they needed to prevent a short squeeze.  So they triggered a massive ladder attack and with their sell offs(being bought by their inner circle) to cascade the STOP LOSS sells.  The cascade being the STOP LOSS prices were $1-$5 apart.  The trade volume was massive from 12:16 to 12:27. 2 million shares.  They didn't care about the SSR.  They already planned for this.  Once it was triggered, they restarted their buy backs for covers in massive amounts through LIMIT ORDERS.  Some 4 million shares in 25 minutes.  Some of the purchases were from retailers with their LIMIT ORDERS, but the majority were in large chunks.  Groups within the HFs knew this was going to happen.  These massive limit orders near the SSR and below isn't coincidence.  Retailers aren't fast enough to get out of their shock to buy en mass at the right time.

 Conclusion:

The HFs, ETFs and brokers have until the 19th to clear their books to not get penalized or dropped from the NSCC.  They will continue to manipulate the markets on Wednesdays and Fridays with massive ladder attacks, sell offs, and STOP LOSS as their way of crashing the stock.  Everyone needs to recognize the patterns and not get trapped in their bs.  When the market media talks about "volatility", they are dog-whistling that the HF's are going to manipulate the stock. THEY KNOW THIS and they don't warn people about who's doing it.  They are 100% culpable in what happened on Wednesday.  *To add DD regarding market-media manipulation of "volatility" dog-whistling.  You only have to look at those so called volatile stocks that always seem to drop on WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.  This follows the T+2 settling tactic of short attacks to lower the stock price for buy back.  Look at 
TSLA for the last month.  Each major drop happens on a Wednesday or Friday.  This form of market manipulation is far broader than just GME and AMC.  HFs and the market-media are working hand in hand to screw over companies and retailers in plain sight.  If an ape trader like me understands how settling days works, you know EVERY HF knows what to look out for on the news to find the best time to balance their dark pool accounts.*

HOWEVER.  The Hedge Funds fucked up again like they did on January. They made it obvious.  The data is everywhere and people with experience have seen the oddities that only happens during these types of manipulation.  They couldn't pull another January tactic.  STOP LOSS was the only thing they had left to manipulate the market.  The SEC needs to fix this mess before it gets out of hand and really crash their precious market.

GET OUT OF BROKERS WHO SELL YOUR DATA, NOW!

**Is there a counter measure for this bs?  As long as they don't change their tactics, then monitor the SSR on Wednesdays and Fridays.  Set your LIMIT ORDERS for the lowest possible limit of the SSR and some added change.  I really can't advise on turning off STOP LOSS.  Those are your risks to take.  Just understand what these people are doing and how dangerous short selling is to retailers and companies.**

*edited for grammar and dd*