# Title: My heart is broken and my floor just went up exponentially.
# Author: YoshiPendragon
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/comments/oxwa07/my_heart_is_broken_and_my_floor_just_went_up/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GMEJungle/comments/oxwa07/my_heart_is_broken_and_my_floor_just_went_up/)


Been holding since January (anxiously) because I want to be able to finally provide my parents with a means to retire peacefully. My father is 71 years old, a war veteran, and a blue collar worker. He's spent his entire life doing backbreaking labor, even while he was fighting on the front lines of a war in the US Navy Construction Battalion. Over the last few years I've watched his health decline to the point he can't even walk. The VA refuses to do anything to help him tolerate the pain he's in, much less offer any services to help restore his ability to be independent. As I've held I kept telling myself "it's alright soon we will moon and I can pay for all of the best healthcare he can get, pay off all his debts, and buy him his dream house next to a lighthouse in Cape Cod". I wanted to give him a chance to live out the last years of his life stress free and physically independent. 

This week brought bad news that has thrown all of those plans out the window. His health has now deteriorated and left him with a blood infection that started in his completely destroyed knees. The stress of being in excruciating pain 24/7 while bridled with debt that he cannot pay back since he cannot work has taken him beyond the mental breaking point. His mind is almost completely gone, and he cannot hold a conversation beyond 5 minutes. The pain hurts him too much to sit and causes panic attacks. He will try to stand to stop the pain and his legs give out causing him to fall and get injured further. His partner has had to stop him twice in the last week from shooting himself to end his misery. All of this going on and I'm stuck hundreds of miles away due to my job and cannot go help. What little extra money I do have is not enough to help him. At this point, even after we moon, his health and mind are too far gone for him to even experience life without pain and stress. Quite frankly, I believe these may be the last weeks I have my father in my life and I cannot get leave from work to go spend them with him. 

Y'all I'm literally heartbroken. These puppet master fucks have kicked the can so long that I'm going to miss the opportunity to give this man the retirement he deserves after 55 years of hard work. My floor wasn't that high comparatively because I had a target for what it'd take to retire and pay for my parents to retire very comfortably. Now that the opportunity is missed, I can hold as long as I want. I'm not selling until I see every last one of the short sellers crumble under liquidation and their cronies end up in jail. I'm not selling until I have Fuck You money, and I will spend the rest of my life spending it to fight every corrupt piece of shit in this country. 

Let's go you bedpost slinging cucks. Short it harder, I'm throwing every cent I have at the dip. This fight is personal.

(Edit for typos. Hard to proofread through salty face rain.)

Edit 2: thank you everyone for the kind words and support. I know I'm not the only one here dealing with difficult situations or facing the loss of a loved one. I hope we all work towards making this world less shitty when this is all over.