# Author: Mikeymikers0n
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/nwcwoa/as_a_dad_as_a_coworker_as_an_ape_listen_for_just/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/nwcwoa/as_a_dad_as_a_coworker_as_an_ape_listen_for_just/)


Today was healthy for us in a lot of ways. A moderator's job is to moderate - to make sure things flow properly. To help the community. Today was not supposed to be about them, but for what it's worth, they do a great fucking job. I would kill to have some of the ideas and dedication that these mods have on another forum that I frequent. They also did some things wrong today, and that's okay too. We're not perfect, any of us. And Jesus H. - we're a bunch of fucking retards right? What else do you expect? My god - if I tuned into 3 or 4 self-admitted retards trying to livestream to 25k people for the first time and didn't expect at least 10 smiles and 1 nearly blown set of headphones, well......

But that's not what this is about. I'm a dad. I work. I have invested 15% of my earnings this year, or the equivalent of 66% of my earnings 10 years ago, which is the equivalent of 34 straight weeks' of work over a decade ago, into this thing I like. 34 weeks of staring at screens and dealing with peoples' bullshit 24/7. That is the effort I have put into this thing. And it's a thing. It's more than a stonk. It's more than an option. It's a fucking thing, and I'll leave it at that. My heart is in this thing.

But back to the "dad" thing. I saw something today which I could relate to. This guy who started a company I never bought from joined the board of a company I invested in, and today tells people that as his dad would say, "buckle up". So as a dad, I'm like - damn, I tell the kids this shit every day. What does it mean underneath?

It means we're about to go on a journey. It means I'm going to help steer us in the right direction. It means that I want to keep you safe and I don't necessarily know what lies ahead. It means I'm in the same vehicle with you. It means we're literally (and fuck this catch phrase for 2020) in this together. It means we will probably run into some turbulence. It means we will probably run into some ups and downs, some starts and stops. But if you buckle up, you will move with the machine that is carrying us. That machine is called Gamestop. And we're going to stop the fucking games. We are.

I had a bunch of work shit to do today late in the day, followed by a dr. appt. Then I had to scramble home and do some family commitments. So I saw the insane battle for $300 from a dr. office lobby on my phone. Then as I was heading out with my family I saw the stock price drop like thirty points or something right before we went out. Then while we were out I'd check in and see the same fuckery, and just smile. I was thinking in my head that we probably missed earnings by a few cents, or there was some dirt on the new execs. Something dumb. The I later saw that we hit sales. We hired two execs from Amazon (fuck Amazon btw, but they deserve the benefit of the doubt). We are going to drop 5 million more shares at some point in the future. And this is what got me. I haven't yet read the DD for the day, or the top threads. I'm writing this completely blind to sentiment right now. But my immediate thought was oh fuck. This is absolutely what I'd do if I knew we were going to explode in SP. I would make sure we had a way to cash in on the MOASS. Why the fuck not? And even if they dilute another 5mm shares, what is that to us really? Haha. I figured this last bit was the reason for dip, who knows. But me, I think this last bit is the absolute recognition of this company that we are gonna go boom.

And last thing. Today wasn't about mods. Today wasn't about HFs. Today wasn't about SP. Today was about fucking Gamestop. I used to go to goddamn Babbages and buy games man. There is a special place in the ❤️ for this. Today was about Gamestop. They are not just a proxy, or a conduit for us to make our tendies. They are our symbiotic partner. Some would even say mother. But we need to respect the entity, as it is more than just a ticker. Or an almost-dead company. Gamestop is about transformation. It is a fucking butterfly. Right now we're in caterpillar/chrysallis mode. Soon it will be time to fly. And usually before I fly, I fucking buckle up.

Did not even proofread, just hit post. So excuse typos and brevity.

EDIT: Christ you guys, thank you for the overwhelming support/awards/comments and messages. Didn't mean for this to get people all emotional and stuff, and now you guys are making me all sappy. So I'm gonna take a deep breath, give you my profound thanks and understanding, and get my shit back together so we can protect the fam. Dads, moms, kids, apes - much ❤️

**Let's go get it.** 