#Title: Alright fuckers, cashed in half my ETH and 3/4 of my BTC for this madness. My GME position has always been conservative up until now (>100 shares). But the DD is amazing, esp today’s negative beta posts, so I’m truly fucking YOLO’ing! Let’s go fuckers!
#Author: serious-g
#Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m6p4n0/alright_fuckers_cashed_in_half_my_eth_and_34_of/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/m6p4n0/alright_fuckers_cashed_in_half_my_eth_and_34_of/)


I mean why the fuck not. I’m not even flinching on these dips anymore and YOLO has taken on a whole new meaning!  Let’s go you fucking retarded apes!!

Edit: Folks I'm really sorry about this.  I made one major mistake in my post last night and I blame it on the Gentleman Jack.  I was trying to express how I have been fairly conservative with my GME purchases, specifically using that word conservative, but also trying to articulate that I had UNDER 100 shares, not over as my title indicates.  That is so my bad and hope you understand I was not trying to be misleading.  I actually looked at it a few times as I typed it and it still looked right to me...but now that I'm sober I realize it wasn't.  It should have read (<100 shares) so that it would mean (my conservative position < 100 shares).  Very very sorry.

Another edit:  A very few folks, some of your accounts really fucking new, are asking for proof or ban.  Are we still doing that?  I thought that was bad practice at this point but here's what I'll tell you...God's honest truth...  1) I cashed them out right before I made this post on Coinbase Pro, 2) I initiated the transfer to my bank account (God I'll be fucking pissed if someone tells me I could have just moved them straight to Fidelity), 3) I expected to wait 2-5 business days hoping I'd have the money by Friday opening... but guess the fuck what?  That shit was available in my bank account when I woke up to use the facilities this morning!  Go fucking Coinbase!  My point is that I will be purchasing my shares this morning at open or shortly after depending on where it goes from jump street.  IF you all want proof that badly, I will gladly send screen shots of what's been done so far on my end, and then my completed buy order once it's done, to one or a couple of the more trustworthy mods here...but only if they think that's necessary and agree to support it.  I do not want to bog them down anymore than we have.

Finally - go check my history.  I've been around for a little bit now and know what the fuck is going on.  This account has only been around since October, but even still I have only been using it and not my older account that got banned in a non-stock related sub (cough public cough freakouts).  I am very active on Reddit, have been for years.  It killed me to ditch my old account but I still have access to it if some of you need some sort of proof there too.  I'm not here trying to dupe anyone.  I have a 401k, a boring fucking life, kids that need cars soon, etc...  I make great money at my day job, but holy shit will it be nice when this fucker pops!  

GLTAA out there!  Please don't make this a vicious 'proof or ban' campaign and trust that I will send the mods whatever they need to back what I say up IF they decide they'll need to ban me otherwise.