# Title: Gensler to Financial Stability Oversight Council 6/11 -- "Let’s not wait until the tide ebbs to see that the emperor still has no clothes."
# Author: Redditisthewurst
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/nxra6y/gensler_to_financial_stability_oversight_council/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/nxra6y/gensler_to_financial_stability_oversight_council/)


Edit: u/humanslime supplied a link to his [public statement](https://www.sec.gov/news/public-statement/gensler-fsoc-libor-2021-06-11). It is formatted far better than mine is. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Below I have transcribed SEC Chairman Gary Gensler's address to the Financial Stability Oversight Council. Sorry for the formatting, I am smoothbrain that typically operates on mobile.

Video, Gensler @ 20:20 [https://treas.yorkcast.com/webcast/Play/f5be3d221c084e9ea64adba4bd6c15aa1d](https://treas.yorkcast.com/webcast/Play/f5be3d221c084e9ea64adba4bd6c15aa1d)

Gensler @ 20:20 transcribed:

"Thank you, Madam Secretary. This discussion of LIBOR brings me and reminds me of Hans Christian Anderson and Warren Buffett. You might be wondering why I'm thinking about these two men born 125 years and an ocean apart in the context of LIBOR, and I promise I will get to that in a minute.

LIBOR came together in the early 1970s so that banks could make loans with floating rates. But the question was, "What rate would they reference?" and by the 1980s, they had coalesced around this idea of using unsecured rates at which, in London, loans they were making to each other. And over the years LIBOR got to be so popular it was embedded in literally hundreds of trillions of dollars in financial contracts around the world. Loans, derivatives, mortgages, you name it, even supplier arrangements. And yet, there was this basic problem: in good times, it was very little lending of unsecured term loans between and amongst banks, in London or anywhere else for that matter. And in stress time, even that small market went away.

Long before the 2008 crisis, that market largely dried up, banks simply were not making term loans to other banks without getting some collateral in return. That created something akin to an inverted pyramid. A massive market today, about $220 trillion, but then, even more -- larger, that was referencing a small market at the tip of the pyramid upside down and there was very few underlying transactions.

So, as Hans Christian Anderson wrote in his famous folktale, “The Emperor's New Clothes”, the emperor had no clothes. Because few transactions underpinned LIBOR, the people responsible for determining this benchmark tended to use their own judgment in setting it. Those were the good faith actors. But there was also another challenge. On top of that, LIBOR was easy to game. Partly because of the inverted pyramid.

When I was honored to be the chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the excellent staff did a remarkable job uncovering many cases of manipulative conduct of large banks and even interdealer brokers. Finally, somebody had pointed out that the emperor had no clothes. In 2013, the FSOC called for U.S. regulators to step up to promote a smooth and orderly transition to alternative benchmarks with consideration given to issues of stability. That's what we're doing here eight years later, but the ARC and other committees did a lot of work along the way. The Financial Stability Board, just last week, echoed these views and they said, quote, "Benchmarks which are used extensively must be especially robust. To that end, I have several concerns about one rate that a number of commercial banks are advocating as a replacement for LIBOR, this rate is called the Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index, popularly known as BSBY. I believe BSBY has many of the same flaws as LIBOR. Both benchmarks are based upon unsecured term bank-to-bank lending, termed BSBY, whether one month or 12 month, is underpinned primarily by trades in commercial paper and certificates of deposits, issued by about 30 banks. For instance, though, the median trading volume behind three month BSBY is single digit billions per day, and even less, six and 12 month, BSBY even lower. Thus BSBY has the same inverted pyramid. Multiple trillions, couple hundred trillions, based on a pyramid, upside down, on a small bit of trading. We will see a modest market shouldering the weight of trillions of dollars of transaction. When a benchmark is mismatched like that, there’s a heck of economic incentive to manipulate it. That’s why I believe the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, which we’ve talked about, which is based on a nearly trillion dollar market daily, is a preferable alternative rate. These markets underpinning BSBY not only are thin in good times, they virtually disappear in a crisis. Last spring the primary commercial paper lending department evaporated for about five weeks during the stress period of the pandemic. We just had a discussion about the lack of resiliency of prime money market funds, particularly in stress times and particularly because of commercial paper and CD, so we shouldn’t forget those lessons here. In the wake of the European debt crisis. The financial crisis, the International Organization and Security commissioners issued a report on the hygiene of benchmarks like LIBOR. That group, which I was honored then to co-chair in my previous roll, found it was necessary to establish a benchmark quote that reflects the credible market for an interest measured by that benchmark. I don’t believe BSBY meets that standard. I do not believe it is, as the Financial Stability Board urged, especially robust. Now, I understand that some market participants may believe otherwise. They might believe it meets that standard, and at first glance, BSBY might seem like an improvement on LIBOR, a more resilient benchmark. But I would suggest we not make that mistake. It might look a bit different, but it is still the same emperor. It still represents the similar risk to financial stability and financial resiliency.

I promise this brings me to Warren Buffett. Warren Buffett, he said, you only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out. I’m worried that a crisis will reveal BSBY’s flaws all too clearly. Let’s not wait until the tide ebbs to see that the emperor still has no clothes. I thank you."