# Title: The United States stock market, the most iconic market in global capitalism, is rigged
# Author: kittenplatoon
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/owi9rw/the_united_states_stock_market_the_most_iconic/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/owi9rw/the_united_states_stock_market_the_most_iconic/)


So I started reading Tony Robbins' book, *Money: Master the Game*, and I came across this excerpt that I wanted to share for motivational purposes:

"How about HFT? That’s short for high-frequency trading, where 50% to 70% of the tens of millions of trades that churn through the market each day are now generated by high-speed machines. What does that mean for you? It takes only a half second, or about 500 milliseconds, to click your mouse to complete your E*Trade order. In that short time, the big boys with the supercomputers will have bought and sold thousands of shares of the same stock hundreds of times over, making microprofits with each transaction.

Michael Lewis, bestselling author of the HFT exposé *Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt*, told 60 Minutes, 'The United States stock market, the most iconic market in global capitalism, is rigged . . . by a combination of the stock exchanges, the big Wall Street banks, and high-frequency traders . . . They’re able to identify your desire to buy shares in Microsoft and buy them in front of you and sell them back to you at a higher price!' How fast are these guys? One HFT firm spent a quarter of a billion dollars to straighten the fiber-optic cables between Chicago and New York, reconstructing the landscape and literally terraforming the earth to shave 1.4 milliseconds off its transmission time! 

But even that’s not fast enough. Some trades already take place in microseconds—that’s a millionth of a second. Soon HFT technology will allow these trades to happen in nanoseconds—a billionth of a second. Meanwhile, they’re laying cable on the ocean floor, and there’s even talk of solar-powered drones acting as microwave relay stations to connect exchanges in New York and London. If all of this leaves you reeling, I’m with you. What are your chances of competing with flying robots trading at the speed of light? Where do you turn to find a path through this high-tech, high-risk maze of choices?"

This is why I hold. Retail investors are taking our power back by doing the easiest thing in the world, and it costs us nothing to indefinitely hold a stock we like.