#Title: The slow bleed is designed to mess with us psychologically.
#Author: magnusmerletaako
#Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/ok7jr7/the_slow_bleed_is_designed_to_mess_with_us/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/ok7jr7/the_slow_bleed_is_designed_to_mess_with_us/)


As many have explained, the price action of my and possibly your favorite stock does not reflect "normal" market activity. It is manipulated and it can be manipulated quite easily during these low volume days. This particular tactic we have seen over the last month, I am convinced, is intentionally orchestrated to make GME a boring, psychologically depressing stock. 

Aside from the obvious reasons shorts might do this to a stock, I think it is particularly useful in this case to counter the absolute blast GME hodlers are having sharing memes, discussing DD, exploring the depths of the global financial casino, and discovering all the ways the house is set up to win, etc. GME hodlers have built a community that values critical thinking, good research, and rebalancing inequality, but most of all fun and hope.  GS symbolizes the hope many of us have to bring change to a corrupt system that is unfair and exacts horrible consequences on good people. And while many of us are generally zen, hodling forever, Jacque a la tetes 24/7, etc we also get pretty excited when the price moves in the direction we expect it to go (up), especially in a short time frame, as it validates in real time everything we know to be true. 

In contrast, the slow bleed is its own psychological FUD tactic. It is designed to move in an opposite fashion: slowly, downward, up a little bit (to trigger our hope), and then back down even lower, painting a picture of GME as a stock that is gradually being drained of value. Reconciling the DD that we know to be true and the culture of hope and fun we have built with the REALITY of the price right now may produce psychological discord. "Why is the price going down when it should be going up? Something might - or must - be wrong." THIS is the internal dialogue they want us to be having. This is the ultimate FUD because they already know we laugh at the media. It is much harder for us to laugh at the numbers in our portfolios. This is their last resort. To manipulate the price illegally because they believe the cost of getting caught and punished is lower than buying back all of the shares they short sold. 

And yet, this is why HODLING is the way. Because if we don't sell, let alone panic sell (which is what they really want), we win the war. By hodling, we are calling bullshit on all of their tricks and illusions to make the price appear lower than the actual value of this opportunity. By hodling, we remind them every day that in the end WE TELL THEM what the price is and what they can pay for it.