#Title: Why 619.15 is not the fundamental value of Gme and the DD is misleading! The price is wrong because Gme is at least worth 4 digits fundamentally in a few years!
#Author: Mammoth-Priority-516
#Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/oeayp2/why_61915_is_not_the_fundamental_value_of_gme_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/oeayp2/why_61915_is_not_the_fundamental_value_of_gme_and/)


First of all, this is my first time writing out a full DD and there are gonna be gamma errors so please forgive me haha. I woke up in the morning and started my usual morning routine on superstonk and I came across this post. [619.15 DD](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/oe2sar/61915_that_is_the_conservative_long_term_fair/h44vosk/?context=3) In short, this user did a comparison between gamestop and amazon and he compared the sales and then came to a conclusion of 619.15 as  a long term price. I disagree with his post because it is much higher and OP did not account for  a lot of factors and i will touch on them. Please feel free to add or critic because I can be wrong too. Also I am not a financial advisor nor this is financial advice. 

To start off, there are many ways to value a company from a fundamental standpoint and I will use the easiest way which is to price in the future cashflow and profit margins and then slap a multiple on it. I been a technical trader for years and I have been studying more fundamentals in the past 12 months so please feel free to comment your thoughts.  The great thing about fundamental analysis is the fact it can be slighty off and it will never be to the dot which is why some stocks are undervalued and overvalued because of the different models investors are using.  Anyways in the dd, OP just found amazon revenue and determine what portion was in the same market as gme and then did a little estimate on the amount of market gme can steal from amazon. OP did not take in account the entire market but rather just sales from amazon.... He also did not take in that gme has part of the market share and they have sales already. Personally, I know there are a lot of tech and video games places like best buy, Walmart and others and I am not even a gamer. So if OP wants to compare the sales this way, he needs to dig deeper and find all the tech being sold or in other words, the totally addressable market. I can't remember the number on top of my head but gaming is like a 150 billion just for gaming and if Gme starts selling tech like computers, phones, tablets etc then the market for that is wayyy bigger at 1.6 trillion. Some will add the NFT and since it is not here yet, imma leave it out but if NFT is added.... that is a new space and Gme can take the lion share of that market. 

Another point OP missed out is the profit margins, Amazon has a profit margin about 7.5% and Amazon spent billion on before turning in a profit because they wanted to scale. Similar to any growth company, the smart move is the invest the profit back in to scale up and that is exactly what Chewy did and they were  not profitable when they ipo because all the cash was put back into the business. So if Gme can have a higher profit margin than amazon, the valuation will change dramatically and I can't say for sure because gme is still in an early stage as a tech company and I need to see more financial statements to come to a conclusion. For now, let's just assume gme profit margins on selling tech and video games are the same because I don't have the data.

Next factor OP forgot was PE ratios! If you don't know what PE ratios are, it is essentially investors pricing in future cashflow and profits and PE are low for stable companies such as banks and essential companies like walmart. On the other hand, PE ratio is insanely high for growth companies and especially tech, take a guess at Tesla PE or Apple PE ratio. They are trading really high and there are many DDs on the sub that touch on the PE ratios and how overvalued the stock market is. I am not going to go into detail since this is on the gme valuation. Currently, the market is still pricing gme as a brick and mortar company but once the sentiment changes to a growth company and the market gives gme a growth company PE ratio, that would be a 5 to 10x on the price minimum. Brick and mortar typically trade at a 5x multiple..... So if gme trades at a similar PE to amazon or apple (they are trading at 40x right now), that would be a  easy 8x on the price. This will happen in the long run as gamestop improves their fundamentals more and more and comes across a tech company and have growth priced in. This may take 3 to 5 years and it will allow gamestop to be a 100 billion plus company in a few years if they manage to grow their sales and profits.  REMEMBER, N K L A, it is still worth 6 billion as of now on no sales and multiple frauds....... Its a GrOwTh CoMpAnY as wall street would say.  It was trading at like 93 bucks at the peaks and nearly 50 billion in valuation on no damn sales. Talk about PE ratios.....  The market was pricing in huge growth and pumping it up and it is still worth like half of gme on no sales.... The market tends to be really stupid in the short term so it may take time to come into fruition. 

Lastly, another big factor to a fundamental valuation is the management team. We got Ryan fucking Cohen and Matt from amazon and Cheung from chewy and Countless other amazing execs from notable companies. We saw how Cohen turned Chewy into a huge successful but this time is different. Gamestop has more cash than chewy (2 BILLON!) and more established since Gamestop being around for decades. Not to mention that Gamestop has a way bigger market than Chewy and Gamestop has millions of loyal customers that are supporting the company. Gamestop is a well known name due to the Jan mini squeeze and the branding is there! That is worth billions on its own..... Coca cola brand is worth like hundreds of billions because it is so well known. Gamestop is well positioned and I fully trust the team to change the world and My tits are jacked!

In conclusion, Gme is worth a lot more than 619.15 in the long run (3 to 5 years). If I had to take a guess, GME would easily be worth over 100 billion in market cap in 3 to 5 years and that is purely on the pe ratio shift and I am not accounting the NFT opportunity and the other rumors such as partnerships and turning into a gaming center and esports. So imho, Gme is at least worth 1000 plus per share just on the PE ratio shift and I am being conservative asf. If NFT happens...... that is at least another 50 billion in the long run! I kinda dream of Gme of being a trillion dollar company one day base on Fundamentals if everything goes right.... but that is like 20 years down the road and I will def hold my shares forever. 

TLDR: Gme is worth at least 1000 a share and that is being conserative. Buy and hold! Tits jacked.🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎✋🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Edit one: Some people are saying I have no source to back up my DD. Remember when dfv was asked what is the price target? He said no precise pt but just up? The thing about fundamental analysis is the fact it is not perfect and when you are doing the analysis, you want to be as close as possible. If you really want to get down to the details, then try to predict the macro and micro favors like interest rates, taxes etc. It is impossible and it is discounted.  So I gave out a conservative number to factor in the bumps and all the future unknown factors

Edit two: can somone predict the macro and micro factors in the next few years? Something likes taxes, interest rates, is there gonna be a economic crash, is the fed gonna keep printing all have big effects on the GameStop business. My DD is fairly conservative as I only took the PE ratio into account and I did not add the Nft, esport and many other opportunities. When doing a fundamental analysis, you gotta be conservative as possible because things can go wrong that you can't foresee so you get a price then you slash it by a bit to be conservative

Edit three: some of y'all want numbers. I don't want throw numbers but here is some basic math for those. Let's just assume the gaming market is 150 billion and gme takes 10% at a 10% profit margin on a 30x multiple. That brings the valuation to 45 billion. Which is roughly 600 bucks a share not adding anything else. Let's bring the esport in too, so gme captures 10b of the market at 10% profit margin. That is another 30 billion on the valuation. So 75 already. Obviously these numbers are a few years out and assuming they can have those margins. You can play with the numbers aggressively or conservatively. This is base on the current markets and not assuming growing markets and no nft. Just purely sales and profit margins.