# Title: I don't care about lambos, yachts or mansions. I just want to live a life
# Author: wedjhes
# Post URL: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o972ew/i_dont_care_about_lambos_yachts_or_mansions_i/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/o972ew/i_dont_care_about_lambos_yachts_or_mansions_i/)


Sorry for clogging up the DD flow, ik some people really hate these kinds of posts but this sub is an amazing place and outlet for me. 

All i want is to be able to just live my life. Not what people think "living" is in this dystopia we've let take over. I have spent my entire life working and studying. I went to a pretty intense school (basically a battery farm for making cambridge/oxford elligible students), where i was worked to my breaking point every single day. As a kid I used to have amazing work ethic. But the constant neverending flow of work and knowledge cramming from 13-19 years old (waking up at 6 to travel into the city for school, getting home at 5, and not finishing homework until usually 8-9, for 7 years) just broke me completely down. And for what? To just keep going? And slaving away in a job for the rest of my life? Worst mistake of my life was spending the majority of my teenage years working, but I really thought it was worth it. I find it extremely hard to be motivated nowadays, and absolutely detest meaningless work.

I'm mostly through my university degree now - luckily in a subject im pretty happy with (not at cambridge or oxford either). But I'm honestly very scared about what the future holds. I don't have any family money to fall back on (not on great terms with them). I will be working to survive in what could turn out to be the worst economic situation in modern history. So for me, GME is an absolute godsend. I have poured my life savings and scrimped and saved to keep buying shares in this company. I don't want a fancy car or a giant house or a million hookers. I just want to live, I want to spend my days learning new skills, painting, animating, cooking, gardening, playing guitar, writing music. I want to create things and do woodworking and get in good shape and look at clouds, go hiking in the woods, learn a language, visit places i have only seen pictures of, just even to learn how to make a really nice cup of coffee... I don't want to spend every day working my ass off and then all my free time recovering from the shit week I've had. Life should be fun. 

Ik there's so many apes in exactly this situation, and I am sure that our lives will get better. These greedy billionaire fuckers are ruining our future and fucking laughing at us. I can't wait until they are forced to give us our money. Ryan cohen and this community gives me so much hope that the future might not be as shit as it started looking. Hopefully a bunch of new ape billionaires can start helping this world get back on track, for everyone who is struggling with their lives and being held back from following their passions. 

Lets start living after the moass.